This is going to be the fun part of the lessons because here is where we go over the code.
Make sure everything's working and apply some final tweaks to the code.
So first of all let's go and open up her application and try to see how it's functioning.
And take a quick look over to make sure that there aren't any issues.
So there are a number of things that we still need to do.
And one of them is that we need to add in some type of class or some type of way to distinguish that
these divs are buttons so we can do that within styling.
We could add classes as well but to keep things simple what we'll do is we'll grab the elements by id
and over here we're going to.
So all of the divs that are underneath so any div that we have in there.
So you got to be careful not to add any additional divs.
So do border solid will do a block border add some padding around it to make it look a little bit more
like a button.
And also some margin's around it as well.
So they're not right next to each other so see what this looks like.
Now we should also to display and would try inline block see how that works.
So there you go.
So now we have something that actually looks a little bit more like buttons.
And of course I'm sure you could style this way better than what I'm doing.
But we're looking at functionality more than anything right now.
So we've got our buttons and we've got the ability to click these.
And so ideally what should have actually happened here is that we should get it either right or wrong
and then move on to the next question maybe update the score.
So let's try that at.
So we know that we've got the answer either true or false.
So let's do a check to see if Which one is true and which one is false.
So we've got this value that's coming in and let me.
Let me place this within on a variable so we can work with it a little bit easier.
We don't need it within the console at the moment.
So yes and if it's equal to true then we know we've got a correct answer.
And we do something here.
Otherwise we know that the answer is incorrect.
And then we do something else.
So what we can do is we could do answers
and let me or answers wrong it should be.
And that one is going to increment otherwise.
So if we get it wrong then our score will change.
So it's a lot less that we need to do.
We need to update our score so we can simply grab that score.
We're going to get element by ID document get element by id and that's score
and we can do in inner age to Mel
and not enter each to Mel so we can do
correct and then we'll add in that value for correct and we'll also do wrong.
And again I'm sure you could make it look a whole lot nicer than what I'm doing.
So we're just looking at functionality at this point and don't spend too much time on the styling.
So let's try the soat.
So every time we get it wrong you see the wrong is increasing every time we get it right the correct
is increasing.
So what we need to do is we need to maybe get rid of these selections and output whether it's right
or wrong within there so we can actually even select anything else.
We could also look through these elements and see which one is has an attribute of true and we could
return that as the correct value if we want it to.
Or we could hold the correct value within the div as well within an attribute.
So let's do the latter part.
So next let's add in a little bit more functionality into this.
And also we can really easily just apply some styling.
So the category doesn't have to be big within the styling so font size and this one will make fairly
small
and for the question I want to make that pretty big.
So let's.
And so font size for this one is going to be 1.5.
So make it pretty vague.
So they're going to be different there so our question and we probably don't even need this question
thing here.
We can get rid of that so we can clear that out.
So we've got our score and by default we should have a score value that matches with what we're outputting
here.
Wrong.
Zero.
And really truly there's a lot of ways to style this way better.
So where we are ready to move on to the next step.
So go ahead and add these updates into your code.
And next you can also take some more time style it make it look a little bit better.
And next we're going to tweak it so that whenever the user selects an answer that we provide what the
correct answer was.
So it's coming up next.